hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a period psychological thriller film
"Perfume: The Story of a Murderer"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
in the eighteenth-century Paris
well-developed maritime navigation boosts global trade
and industries and commerce thrive
in a wet market of a squalid slum near Paris, a fish vendor gives birth to Jean
he is not her first infant born at work
Jean is motionless at birth, with no even a breath
thinking he must be another infant born dead
the fish vendor discards him and continues her work
but Jean makes a loud cry when he smells the stink smell of the wet market
since this moment on, his life is tightly connected to smells
accused of abandonment of her infant, the fish vendor is later hanged
raised in an orphanage, Jean has a tough life
but he is particularly obsessive about the scents
caring not much what a freak he seems to other orphans
logs, fruits leaves, and even water
everything in the nature has its scent, which fascinates him
at the age of thirteen, Jean is sold to a tanner for 7 francs
as the orphanage owner regards him as a burden
but she then is killed by the robbers
life is not any better in the tanner's
Jean keeps toiling for over ten hours every day
reveling in all kinds of odors
Jean dreams of crossing the river one day to explore the world of aroma
his first travel to Paris delivering leather with the tanner changes his whole life
the hustle and bustle town has all kinds of scents of soldiers, vendors and horses
but the most delighting ones to Jean are the scents of upper-class ladies
someday, Jean's captured by one distinctively enchanting scent mixed with hormones
his supernatural sense of smell leads him to the origin
a young lady with chestnut hair, who has a pair of clear eyes on her innocent face
deeply obsessive about her scent, which is too magic for words
he follows her and takes in her scent greedily
later he puts his face into her hand and licks her ball-shaped palm
which startles the girl away
Jean follows her smelly hormones, chases after her, and catches her in the alley
he shuts her mouth to avoid being heard
but suffocates her by accident
to his surprise, her amazing scent fades as her breath weakens
he then strips her body naked to better smell her
but the scent soon disappears
Jean then makes up his mind to learn how to preserve scents
Baldini is an Italian perfume maker in Paris
who succeeded in making a couple of amazing perfume formulas when he was young
but his creativity dries up as he grows old
when Jean delivers leather to Baldini
in the basement, he reproduces the scent of "love and soul"
the former fashionable perfume with some improvement
shocked by his incredible talent for discerning scents
Baldini buys Jean from the tanner for 50 francs
after the deal, the tanner is surprisingly hit by a fast-moving carriage on the bridge
causing him to fall down to the river and be drowned
those who abandoned Jean are seemingly doomed to die of accident
Jean starts to work at Baldini's perfume workshop
he revitalizes the perfumer's business with amazing new formulas
and he also learns more knowledge on perfume
one night in his dream, Jean sees the girl again
whose body and hormone odor he revels in
when waking up the next morning
he asks Baldini to teach him how to convert scents into perfume
and promises he will create the best formulas for him in return
Baldini agrees gladly
the next day baskets of roses are shipped to them
Baldini begins to teach Jean the skill of preserving scents
they dump the roses into a distiller and captures the scent through steam distillation
Baldini also proudly talks about Grasse, the town of scents
reputed for world's finest perfumers
the refining of rose essential oil continues late into the night
the next morning Jean finds some iron chains, glass pieces, copper blocks, and even a cat
he distills them one by one till late into the night
but he gets no any refined oil
hearing Jean's desperate wail
Baldini rises from the bed to see what is going on in the basement
he angrily tells Jean that no any living being's odor such as theirs
can be refined through instillation
the reality is so cruel that Jean faints to the ground
as it is the meaning of life for him to capture wonderful scents
had he known how to preserve the body odor of the girl with chestnut hair
it would not have vanished along with her death
lying in bed seriously ill, Jean asks Baldini how to preserve human's odor
Baldini answers he can learn the mysterious enfleurage process in Grasse
his words bring hope back to Jean, and he recovers in just a week
before Jean leaves for Grasse
Baldini demands Jean provide him the recipes of 100 finest formulas
this day is the happiest day ever for Baldini
he lies in bed happily holding the notebook written with recipes of 100 finest formulas
however, he never wakes up again
it is a long journey to Grasse
excited by every kind of scent from the endless wildness, Jean can't rest his mind
exhausted, he enters a dark cave to sleep
when he wakes up inside the dark cave
Jean smells himself and is surprised to realize that he has no any body odor
he is puzzled, since even a worm has its own scent
body odor is the soul of life, yet he has no soul and is still alive
this fact posts a huge challenge to his knowledge
without odor, there will be no any trace of his being in the world
he ponders over and over
and decides that creating the best ever perfume will prove not just his existence
but the existence of great worth
so he strides toward Grasse
upon arrival, Jean catches another magic hormone scent of a girl
as fascinating as that of the Paris girl
it comes from a girl who also has chestnut hair
Richis, daughter of the famous and wealthy businessman
lives a graceful and delicate life
her beautiful and pure body has a charming odor
Grasse is the town of scents with flowers growing in every piece of field
lavenders are picked up in the field
and sent to the perfumer's to extract essential oil by enfleurage
when Jean has learned this new skill
he starts his plan of making the world's best-ever perfume
one night he hunts his first game, a girl who meets her hormone partner
Jean strips her off and puts her into the oil vat directly without hormone-let-go
but he fails in extracting her odor
his next prey is a prostitute
Jean kills her brutally
he cuts off her hair, soaks her body in coconut oil
and then refines the odor by distillation
this time he succeeds in preserving the body odor
the town of Grasse is covered in panic as one girl after another are missing
Jean's ambition is to make 12 bottles of individual scents by refining body odors of girls
so that he can make the best ever perfume as Baldini told him
at Richis's birthday party in her father's luxury manor
Richis comes to the lawn to play hide-and-seek with the twin sisters
Jean catches the twin sisters away but leaves Richis alone
as he decides that she will be the last "thirteenth scent"
this time he improves the process by soaking the twin girls with coconut oil
wrapping them with cloth and then refining by distillation
the essential oil extracted by the improved process has a stronger scent
the scents begin to show the irresistible magic of changing people's mind and mood
the raged foreman who attempts to beat Jean, becomes kind
once smelling the drop of a scent
to fill up the twelve bottles, Jean needs more body odors
so he continues his cruel slaughter of beautiful girls to capture their scents
turning Brasse into a town of horror
although curfews are enforced, and security measures are strengthened
more girls are killed
at last, Jean has filled the twelve bottles with twelve individual scents
but he has one more empty bottle to fill up
and his last game is unluckily the hormone-smelly Richis
people are attending a sermon in the church
when a safeguard rushes in and declares that the murderer is caught
released from panic, people come out to the streets and cheer
unaware that the man is just a scapegoat for law enforcement
vigilant and unconvinced
Richis's father decides to leave Grasse with his daughter by ship
the night before departure, he takes Richis to sleep in a roadside inn
Jean tracks her scent and sneaks into her room
He cuts off her hair and extracts her body scent
with the thirteenth bottle of scent filled
Jean realizes his ultimate ambition
he succeeds in making the magic best ever perfume in the world
however, the prostitute's dog traces her smell to the place where her body was buried
and more corpses of the missing girls are dug out
Jean's evil slaughter is exposed
he is captured and tortured, and the death penalty is announced
on the day of his execution, the execution ground is packed with a furious crowd
with shackles on the hands and legs in the custody
Jean holds tight his bottle of magic perfume
the moment he removes the bottle lid
his whole body smells an enchanting, exotic scent
which dispels the rage of the escorting guards
Jean puts on the blue suit of the foreman's
and steps into the blue luxury carriage offered by the escorting guards
upon his arrival at the execution ground
the furious crowd fall into the spell of his enchanting smell
they look at him with admiration and yearning
when Jean comes onto the guillotine
the executioner takes off his mask
kneels down in front of him and shouts to the crowd that he is innocent
Jean applies a drop of the perfume over his handkerchief and waves it toward the crowd
when the enchanting scent permeates the air
for a moment, the crowd are speechless with their mouths opened
they stretch their arms toward Jean, calling him the hormone angel
even Richis's father, who is the most resentful, forgets his revenge
the perfume endows Jean the essence of innocence and beauty
and arouses people's desire for love, turning the execution into an orgy
another scapegoat, the foreman, is convicted for the murders and executed
returning to Paris, Jean now has the most powerful tool in his hand, the perfume
which can control people's desire for love and hormones
and would definitely give him the power to go, to see, to conquer
however, he chooses to come back to the wet fish market, his birthplace
he pours the whole bottle of perfume down from his head
and the nearby poor people, hungered for the lofty scent
go on a rampage and swarm to devour him up, eventually
in such a way, he disappears from the world
all that is left are his clothes and the empty perfume bottle
this's Daniel CC movie channel, Bye